1. Key Features and Their Organization:

I need to ensure that each key feature of my application is modularized into its own file, class, or module. 
For example, if I’ve implemented a histogram, it should have its own module, separate from components like the 
Markov chain or sampling functions. This will make my codebase easier to navigate and maintain.

2. Naming Conventions:

I should use clear and descriptive names for my files, modules, functions, and variables. This way, any new 
programmer (including my future self) can understand the purpose of each component without needing too much
background knowledge. For instance, if a file contains histogram-related functions, I should name it 
histogram.py, and if I have a class for managing histograms, I should call it Histogram.

3. Variable Scopes:

I need to make sure my variables have the narrowest possible scope to avoid unintended side effects. If 
I’m using global variables, I should have a clear reason why they’re necessary and document their purpose.
 Ideally, I should encapsulate variables inside classes or functions so they’re easier to manage.

4. Function Design:

My functions should be small, focused on a single task, and have as few side effects as possible. This makes 
my code easier to test and understand. If a function is becoming too complex, I should break it down into 
smaller helper functions. For example, instead of having one function that processes text and builds a 
histogram, I could separate those tasks into two functions.

5. Object-Oriented Design:

If I have multiple functions that operate on shared data or are closely related, I should consider organizing 
them into a class. This helps with reusability and keeps my code more structured. For instance, instead of
 having separate functions for adding words to a histogram and checking their frequency, I could define a
  Histogram class with methods like add_word and get_frequency. That would make my code more maintainable 
  and easier to extend.

6. Module Usability:

I should design my modules so that they can be both imported into other scripts and run as standalone programs.
 To do this, I need to include a conditional block like:

if __name__ == "__main__":
    # Code to execute when the module is run as a script

This way, I can reuse my module’s functions elsewhere without running the script-specific code.

7. Module Dependencies:

I need to minimize dependencies between my modules so that they can function independently. This makes my
 code easier to test and maintain. For example, a module responsible for text input and output should not
  depend on the internal details of a histogram module. Instead, it should interact with it through a
   well-defined interface.

By following these principles, I can make my application’s architecture clearer, more maintainable, and
 easier to scale.